notice you've been doing a lot more
one-on-one counseling sessions that's
right I want to give back to the
community I want people to benefit from
my mistakes of course of course and
speaking of mistakes uh well we've
gotten a complaint or two from some of
the people about the advice you're
giving them they saying that sounds like
you're kind of making it up as you go
along well I can't make it up beforehand
you feel oh no no your felt it's just
that well don't you have a gut feeling
about what's wrong and what's right I
put myself in a situation you see and
did I tell the people what I would do
well it's just not two people looking
for spiritual advice not personal
opinion I'm the one talking whose
opinion as opposed to be Oprah it's just
that I always thought uh you know when
you're at that crossroads you're
supposed to ask you know what would
Jesus do how awful to know that nothing
is head we've done the Bible tell us oh
man that thing is a thousand years old
and look here Jesus didn't have no
Twitter account Jesus ain't had no baby
mamas no child support warrants high
school know what to do huh ok ok ok well
fair enough he didn't have warrants but
just remember that when people are
coming to you they're looking for you to
tell them things to make their lives
better I need you to remember that I'm
the pastor and not no fortune-teller
okay well I wish you would have told me
that before you hired me and made me
sell my house that energy okay well you
bought it I took it off your head for
less than asking price I couldn't pass
up a good deal you made me make the deal
you want it back no you know I don't
want to put you out put me out I didn't
move in that thing it's on the market
you flipped my house well I got it cheap
you stole my house now see you look
upset yeah
without mobile house you know what
you're supposed to be the lead pastor at
this church you're supposed to be
setting an example for all of us to
learn from you right thank you you're
right thank you I tell you what I'll
make you a deal if it bothers you that
much top the most recent bed and buy
back my own spot don't win Alaskan
Oh what's the lesson in that you
tell me you know what you know what this
is the grounds for dismissal okay from
the pulpit and the church and all of
that its missile calm down breathe and
ask yourself what would Jesus do and
close the door on your way out